#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.50.0
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
fastapi==0.115.11
    # via -r requirements.in
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.18
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   langchain-google-community
google-api-python-client==2.169.0
    # via langchain-google-community
google-auth==2.40.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   langchain-google-community
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via langchain-google-community
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via langchain-google-community
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.72.0rc1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   langchain-google-community
grpcio-status==1.72.0rc1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.25
    # via langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.3.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-google-community
langchain-core==0.3.58
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-deepseek
    #   langchain-google-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-deepseek==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-google-community[drive]==2.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-google-genai==2.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-deepseek
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.25
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.8
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.66
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
numpy==2.2.5
    # via langchain-community
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openai==1.77.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.9.1
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via black
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
ruff==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.46.1
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typer==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic-settings
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
